- [Frank Moley] There is no doubt that cloud computing
is a big deal in our industry these days.
From private, public, hybrid, and multi-cloud offerings,
it's clear that distributed computing is growing.
I have worked in all of these environments
and Amazon has definitely made its mark in this world.
Their cloud infrastructure is used globally
in both public and private sectors.
Amazon S3, or Simple Storage Service,
is one service that has a long history
of reliability and usefulness.
It's popularity stems from the very common need
across most industries to store binary objects
that are globally available with relatively low cost,
all while offering high reliability.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm an engineering manager, developer,
architect, teacher, and, most importantly, student.
I have many years of experience with cloud native computing,
including a significant amount of public cloud experience
with the most popular cloud infrastructure providers,
including AWS.
In this course, I will show you the basics,
as well as some of the more advanced concepts of Amazon S3,
so that you too can use this powerful tool
that enables you to better serve
the needs of your customers.